Added a note about JSON data types supported by Tracking plans (#4332)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/protocols/tracking-plan/create.md

> info ""
> [Negative lookahead regexes (`?!`)](https://www.regular-expressions.info/lookaround.html) aren't supported. This means you can't use regex to prevent matches with a specific following character or expression. But, you can use `not` in the regex of your JSON schema to generate violations when a property key or value doesn't match the provided regex pattern.

> > info ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info "Specifying data type"
```

Reviewer: You can add a "title" to the top line of a callout and it'll render like this:
![Screenshot 2023-03-01 at 7 08 27 PM 3](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92472883/222296227-b3ab99ed-a6bb-43bf-9c0c-44a9b6abfe58.jpeg)

> > **Specifyig data type:** Property or trait data type should adhere to the data types defined by JSON schema [data types defined by JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/type.html). Data type names must be lower-cased as specified in JSON schema. Datetime properties should be represented as a `string` type with [`format` keyword](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/string.html#format) (for example: "format": "date-time").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Property or trait data type should adhere to the [data types defined by JSON schema](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/type.html){:target="_blank”}. Data type names must be lower-cased as specified in JSON schema. Datetime properties should be represented as a `string` type with [`format` keyword](https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/string.html#format){:target="_blank”} (for example: "format": "date-time").
```

Reviewer: We add the `{:target="_blank”}` attribute to anything that links outside of segment.com/docs, so that when clicked, the link opens in a new page.
